First and foremost, after doing the readings the authors do make compelling points for Digital History arguement, because they indeed have changed the ways in which we read the past as Tim Hitcock mentioned. I believe that Digital History, and 'Normal' historians, go-hand in hand at this point in time. 
This quote seemed to catch my attention the most "As Lewis Mumford suggested some fifty years ago, most of the time:

‘… minds unduly fascinated by computers carefully confine themselves to asking only the kind of question that computers can answer...’ "
I believe the biggest different I have within my other history classes is the sheer amount of quanatative data that has is related within Digital History in comparison to other classes. For example, I wish I had the chance to use Voyant Tools and AntCo for the numerous papers I had written for my Medieval History class, as it gives me so much more room to explore and focus upon, rather than directly relating it to other sources and moving on from there. Thousands of different stories and thoughts came into my brain during that small little example of England in the 18th and 19th Century paper, and I wish I had an assignment to write about it, due to the sheer amount of data and information I received. I wouldn't ssay Digital History perhaps changes what I might know, but it surely adds more knowledge upon that. It's an aboslutely fascinating subject and a completely different way of researching and formulating an arguement. I do believe my second favourite quote is from the last reading in which it reads. "I suppose the point of this post is to articulate my growing concern that we are so damn good at coming up with post-facto historical explanations to contextualize any given observation, that we are particularly susceptible to confabulating these post-facto rationalizations with the idea that we somehow knew the results of this quantitative work already (and, implicitly, that we didn’t need to waste our time doing it.)"
This is blowing my mind, as this leads to looking back at history and perhaps being able to add upon, or completely change our opinions on past history. 
